so an we go with all these oriental
ingredients so you got kaffir lime
leaves these are brilliant you buy these
right but they're also great if you
freeze them if you get the fresh ones
and freeze them
let's do plan your I come all in team
two straight in just straight in that
although miraculous chopping sorry don't
anything else chopping no that's it and
then what we're gonna do is have a
little bit of spirit right now in here
I'm gonna put my liquid we've got some
oriental fish sauce a little bit of
sesame oil putting that in there touch
of soy dark soy sauce for this and then
a touch of honey just to sweeten this up
we've got the caramel in there then what
you do is stick the lid on it some
coriander now I got you worried about me
I don't understand why people take when
you're Susan Lee blend it all up like
that it's gonna create a nice paste now
while I'm doing that this jump goes
straight into there look at that
Mylene look at that a little bit of
chili jab now the secret is with this
because this is really really hot right
and it's hotter than boiling water this
will cook extremely quickly but it's
nice and hot and spicy but you can slow
it down you can actually cool it down
afterwards with a bit of creme fraiche
so if you want a nice do you want it hot
and spicy like this one nice a bit of
creme fraiche fold it through when it's
cold it's delicious but boil out for
about for about three or four minutes
that's all you need that's all you need
lovely right on with this just a little
bit of salad now just a little bit of
salad on the side again using some of
this little lamb's lettuce so what you
do now is allow that to cool down
because it's caramel I'm just gonna go
down thank you very much right yeah not
carry on cooking over here we've got
these nice little crab cakes now when
you are actually baking these from
chilled from the fridge cook them for a
long time like this alternative you want
to cook them very very quickly because
they're quite thick the fig that can be
cold in the middle so pan fry them get a
nice collar like that place them on a
tray and pop them in the oven so if you
want to do them for dinner party seal
them all off beforehand there's no
reason why you can't seal them all off
and
seal them all off and pop them through
the oven just to warm them up but I
think crab cakes better like this purely
the fact you haven't got that ruining
your look that's all right
yeah so yeah right and then you get a
chili jam that is again if you didn't
want it hot and spicy just taste this
with a little bit of creme fraiche but
even this dollop of creme fraiche on the
side would be lovely
yeah look good there you go well 82% of
people want to try it you can tell me
diving thanks Jeff you're a brave man
I'm yeah go on dive in test that it's
spicy no Julie it's delish I prefer that
one still it's delicious
is that the best one beautiful array I
mean open up it's your version of heaven
there that's like that that is heavy
very good well that is that I got some
wine